docs: haw-bridging-parent-to-child-messaging (#2047)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/06-optimistic-rollup.mdx

We believe strongly that interactive proving is the superior approach, for the following reasons.

**More efficient in the optimistic case**: Because interactive proving can resolve disputes larger than one transaction, it can allow a Rollup block to contain only a single claim about the end state of the chain after all of the execution covered by the block. By contrast, re-execution requires posting a state claim for each transaction within the rollup block. With hundreds or thousands of transactions per rollup block, there is a substantial difference in L1 footprint, and the L1 footprint is the main component of the cost of operating an L2.

**More efficient in the pessimistic case**: In case of a dispute, interactive proving requires the L1 referee contract only to check that Alice and Bob's actions "have the right shape". For example, that Alice has divided her `N`-step claim into two claims half as large. (The referee doesn't need to evaluate the correctness of Alice's claims--Bob does that off-chain.) Only one instruction needs to be re-executed. By contrast, re-execution requires the L1 referee to emulate the execution of an entire transaction.

> **Higher per-tx gas limit:** Interactive proving can escape from Ethereum's tight per-transaction gas limit. The gas limit isn't infinite, for obvious reasons, but it can be larger than on Ethereum. As far as Ethereum is concerned, the only downside of a gas-heavy Arbitrum transaction is that it may require an interactive <a data-quicklook-from="fraud-proof">fraud proof</a> with slightly more steps (and only if a fraud proof is actually needed; i.e., in the event of a dispute). By contrast, rerexecution must impose a _lower_ gas limit than Ethereum, because it must be possible to emulate execution of the transaction (which is more expensive than executing it directly) within a single Ethereum transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Higher per-tx gas limit:** Interactive proving can escape Ethereum's tight per-transaction gas limit. The gas limit isn't infinite, for obvious reasons, but it can be larger than on Ethereum. As far as Ethereum is concerned, the only downside of a gas-heavy Arbitrum transaction is that it may require an interactive <a data-quicklook-from="fraud-proof">fraud proof</a> with slightly more steps (and only if a fraud proof is actually needed; i.e., in the event of a dispute). By contrast, re-execution must impose a _lower_ gas limit than Ethereum, because it must be possible to emulate the execution of the transaction (which is more expensive than executing it directly) within a single Ethereum transaction.
```

> **More implementation flexibility:** Interactive proving allows more flexibility in implementation. All that is necessary is the ability to verify a one-step proof on Ethereum. By contrast, rerexecution approaches are tethered to limitations of the EVM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**More implementation flexibility:** Interactive proving allows more flexibility in implementation. All that is necessary is the ability to verify a one-step proof on Ethereum. By contrast, re-execution approaches are tethered to the limitations of the EVM.
```
